They Might Be Giants Podcast: 31A!
Published on January 28, 2008.
For those of you keeping track, I sorta like TMBG again.
They’ve gained back my trust with their newest album and powerful live show .
Anyway, today is a new podcast day!
TMBG was pretty much doing podcasts before they existed (even before iPods existed!) via their dial a song service.
So this is sort of an extension of that.
Except the sound quality is much, much better.
Of special note are some new versions of old songs!
According to the TMBG wiki , the songs were recorded at XM Studio, whatever that means.
It’s pretty neat hearing new versions of Shadow Government, Withered Hope, and Mr. Me!
The turtle sounds thing is pretty funny too, mentioning the Fibonacci Sequence .
There’s also some songs about numbers that are no doubt directed towards turning children into fans of TMBG at an early age. Clever…
Anyway, I kind of want to split the podcast up into the individual songs and listen to them over and over and over.
It’s that good!